I love you's

I love you, family. Dad, because you are my biggest fan, and I'll never get tired of the way you smile when I pick up a guitar and play. Mom, for being my best friend and most trusted companion, even in times when you were my only friend. That was just fine. Austin, my little brother, for being so much more brave than I could ever hope to be. My aunt, Alison, for being such a beautiful person. My aunts, uncles, cousins and relatives (even the ones I didn't know I had) for making Thanksgiving something someone should write a book about. I love my mom and dad's friends who have been so unbelievably supportive (and so unbelievably loud at my shows). I love my friends. Abigail, I love you because you are my best friend in the entire world. Can't wait to room together when we're 65 and wrinkly and living in Minnesota. I love Ally, Kelsey, Kathryn, Jeff, Clay and all my awesome friends in Hendersonville. Britany Maack for being my first friend, I miss you! I love everyone who helped put this album together. Scott Borchetta for believing in me and actually DOING something about it. Shake and bake, Radioman. This is how we roll. Nathan Chapman because he is the most amazing red-headed freckle-faced little producer in the world and I love your beautiful wife Stephanie. Thanks Nathan for gracing me with your first album. Liz Rose, you are my songwriting soulmate, and one of my dearest friends. Robert Ellis Orrall, you Rock! Nick for breaking your drumsticks on my songs, Tim for playing on my session ON YOUR BIRTHDAY, and everyone else who played on the album because you are THAT GOOD. Chad, for your amazing mullet (and engineering skills). I love my record label. Jack Purcell, for your Minnesota accent. Mandy McCarmack, for humoring me in my mailbox obsession. Rick Barker, because I learned everything about radio in..nevermind. HAHA. Bobby Young, thanks for taking us shopping. Whitney Sutton, you are so organized and I love you for it. JZ, because of that adorable laugh/nose thing you do. Nancy Johnson, for being my GIRL and pretty much a genius. Jayme Austin for adding so much spirit to the label. Sandi Spika Borchetta, for being so creative/brilliant/beautiful and buying me pretty things to wear. Penny Laza, because you are a crazy rock star. Andrew Kautz, if I ever walk into the label, and you're NOT there, I will not know what to do with myself. Cynthia Grimson, for your amazingly dry sense of humor. Ray Pronto, for putting this Big Machine in motionnnn. I love the people who helped me get here. Arthur Buenahara, thank your for signing a FOURTEEN year old to a full writers publishing deal. I will never forget that. In fact, I love everyone at Sony Publishing. Pat Garrett and Suzy Dalton for letting my little ten-year old self open up for you. Harry Warner, for being such a gentleman and having my back at BMI. Frank Bell for being so brutally honest about my music from the time I was like 12, and so supportive of my career NOW. Andrew Orth for 14 years of great photos! Cindy Guagenti for being the most stylish publicist in the world. Jody Williams, for listening to my rants about high school, and being such a dear friend and musicologist. HHS for supporting me 100%. Bob Taylor and Bob Borbonus at Taylor Guitars for believing in me and making perfection in the form of guitars. Mike Milom for being a genius and the best lawyer ever. Sarah, Ed, and Jim at GAC for taking such a vested interest in me, and PUTTING ME ON TV! CMT you're awesome! Trey Fanjoy, because you are such a visionary and for directing an amazing video. Pete Fisher you are amazing. Rod Essig, for believing in me from the beginning and being so passionate about what you do. I love Tim McGraw for making such inspiring music. I love Faith Hill for being the most graceful woman in the world. I love you, Jack Ingram. If at any point in my life, I ever amount to being HALF as cool as you, I will throw myself a party. I LOVE RADIO because I haven't met one person I don't consider a friend. I love all of my myspace friends for taking such an active roll in what I do, I will never forget how you all rallied for me from the beginning. I love everyone who's inspired me to write a song, whether you know it or not. I love anyone who has ever turned the volume up when my song comes on the radio, anyone who has bought this album. Anyone who can sing along to my songs when I play them live. Anyone who's ever requested my song on the radio, or even remembered my name. If you ever see me in public, I want to meet you. I will thank you myself. You have let me into your life, and I will never be able to thank you enough for that. I love YOU, and I love God for putting you in my life

love love love

-T-

PS: To all the boys who thought they would be cool and break my heart, guess what? Here are 11 songs written about you. HA.

1. Tim McGraw
Hidden message: Can't Tell Me Nothin'
2. Picture to Burn
Hidden message: Date nice boys

3. Teardrops On My Guitar
Hidden message: He will never know

4. A Place In This World
Hidden message: I found this

5. Cold As You
Hidden message: Time to let go

6. The Outside
Hidden message: You are not alone

7. Tied Together With A Smile
Hidden message: You are loved

8. Stay Beautiful
Hidden message: Shake n bake

9. Should've Said No
Hidden message: Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam

10. Mary's Song (Oh My My My)
Hidden message: Sometimes love is forever
11. Our Song
Hidden message: Live in love